### MacOS Prerequisites
fiab relies on `minikube`, `kubectl`, `helm`, `docker` and `jq`.


fiab doesn't support docker driver (hence, docker desktop). fiab uses ingress and ingress-dns addons in minikube.
When docker driver is chosen, these two addons are only supported on Linux (see [here](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/drivers/docker/)
and [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/issues/7332)). Note that while the issue 7332 is now closed and appears to be fixed,
ingress and ingress-dns still don't work under fiab environment on MacOs.
In addition, note that the docker subscription service agreement has been updated for `docker desktop`.
Hence, `docker desktop` may not be free. Please check out the [agreement](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).

Hence, fiab uses `hyperkit` as its default vm driver. Using `hyperkit` has some drawbacks.
First, as of May 21, 2022, `hyperkit` driver doesn't support M1 chipset.
Second, the `hyperkit` driver doesn't work with dnscrypt-proxy or dnsmasq well.
Thus, if dnscrypt-proxy or dnsmasq is installed in the system, see [here](#fixing-docker-build-error) for details and a workaround.

Note that other drivers such as `virtualbox` are not tested.

#### Step 1: Installing VM driver for minikube
To install `hyperkit`,
```bash
brew install hyperkit docker
```
Here we need to install `docker` to make the docker cli tool available.

#### Step 2: Installing minikube and its related tools
Now we install `minikube`, `kubectl` and `helm` as follows.
```bash
brew install minikube kubectl helm
```

#### Step 3: Miscellaneous tools
`flame.sh` script uses `jq` to parse and update coredns's configmap in json format. Run the following to install the tool:
```bash
brew install jq
```

`robo-3t` is a GUI tool for MongoDB. This tool comes in handy when debugging mongodb-related issues in the flame system.
This tool is optional.
```bash
brew install --cask robo-3t
```
